Document a way to deny jobs based on the enviroment variables set for them (#2336)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/securing.md

done
```

> You can see from the previous example that `$BUILDKITE_ENV_FILE` is the location of file that contains the environment variables that the control plane passes to a job. You may use this to block jobs from executing if certain environment variables are set.

Reviewer: I think this should connect to the codeblock it introduces. A couple of options would be:

1. Add a colon:

```suggestion
You can see from the previous example that `$BUILDKITE_ENV_FILE` is the location of file that contains the environment variables that the control plane passes to a job. You may use this to block jobs from executing if certain environment variables are set:
```

2. Introduce the example:

```suggestion
You can see from the previous example that `$BUILDKITE_ENV_FILE` is the location of file that contains the environment variables that the control plane passes to a job. You may use this to block jobs from executing if certain environment variables are set. For example, the following `pre-bootstrap` hook blocks a job from executing if the `ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_TO_DENY` environment variable is set.
```

```bash
#!/bin/bash

set -euo pipefail

if grep '^ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_TO_DENY=' "$BUILDKITE_ENV_FILE" > /dev/null
then

>   echo "Rejecting job because it the environment variable ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_TO_DENY has been set"

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
  echo "Rejecting job because the environment variable ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_TO_DENY has been set"
```

  exit 1
fi
```

> But remember to that some [environment variables may be essential](https://buildkite.com/docs/pipelines/environment-variables) to the execution of jobs, so deny-listing them in this manner is not advisable.

Reviewer: This is mainly personal preference, so feel free to disagree. The one part that should change is using a relative link to the docs page.

```suggestion
But also remember that some [environment variables may be essential](/docs/pipelines/environment-variables) to the execution of jobs, so adding them to a blocklist in this manner is not advisable.
```
